Allow auto-size (or not) (#40)
ems-project/base-php-docker: README.md

Installation of [Nginx](https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/v3.12/main/x86_64/nginx).  
Installation of [Apache 2.4](https://pkgs.alpinelinux.org/package/v3.12/main/x86_64/apache2).  

## PHP-FPM Configuration

You can change the amount of memory that PHP-FPM can use by changing / passing the environment variables ```PHP_FPM_MAX_CHILDREN``` and ```PHP_FPM_REQUEST_MAX_MEMORY_IN_MEGABYTES```.  

> This values can be are overridden automatically by the startup script if a QoS memory limit is applied and detected in your container.  
> However, this value can be reduced to a percentage by the configuration of the environment variable ```CONTAINER_HEAP_PERCENT``` (default: 80 %).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These values can be overridden automatically by the startup script if a QoS memory limit is applied and detected in your container.  
However, this value can be reduced to a percentage by the configuration of the environment variable ```CONTAINER_HEAP_PERCENT``` (default: 80 %).  

```
